the dirty little secret about social
media marketing I've been doing social
media marketing for a long time so long
that I used to do marketing when there
was Myspace do you remember that company
it was around before Facebook and I also
have an ad agency NP digital where we
employ over 700 marketers and we have
over 500 companies that we work with
around the world including social media
marketing as one of the services we
provide so I see a lot of data I've
experienced a lot myself and I'm
constantly learning from my team as well
but no matter what Guru you talk to or
who you follow no one can really help
you get a million engaged followers or
help you be the next Kylie Jenner it's a
lot of hit and miss the only way to
really do well is purely through
experimentation you have to push out a
lot of different content and do it
consistently to figure out what works
for you see I'm not a male model I can't
take off my shirt and flex and get tons
of likes like David Gandy and I can't
record a video of me dancing like
Julianne or Derek Hough because I can't
dance like them and I can't sing like
Justin Bieber either in essence you have
to leverage your own X Factor so what is
that X Factor that everyone is gonna
love you won't know until you experiment
just look at cavi he has over a hundred
million Tick Tock followers how did he
get them he just made fun of memes but
no one in the world would probably
guessed that he would be so popular he
doesn't even talk in his tick tocks he
literally just points out memes and
what's wrong with them and how did he
get there well he wouldn't have got
there if he didn't try something new in
other words experimentation
so here's what you should do first post
content at least once a day ideally you
should be posting content at least three
times a day and when you post your
content don't just focus on one social
network use all the major ones from Tick
Tock to Instagram Facebook LinkedIn
YouTube Pinterest snap you'll quickly
learn the type of content that works for
each social network
second post all the main content types
at least once a week so in this case you
would try text-based content at least
once a week videos at least once a week
quotes at least once a week images at
least once a week you also want to go
live once a week or even try stories you
get the point the type of content that
you can post is endless you can even try
riding the wave of a popular meme you
won't be able to test out every content
type out there in one week but you can
rotate through them and figure out what
your audience likes and more importantly
what they don't like for example when I
create content how Elon Musk leverages
marketing I post it on YouTube people on
YouTube don't really care for it it just
doesn't do well but on Instagram they're
more open to it you have to try
different types of content to figure out
what works for you on different channels
you have to be patient people want
results tomorrow they want to go viral
right away it just won't happen
when you do something long enough you'll
get better at it and over time your
account will just grow again you just
have to be patient you will have to kick
start your growth if you don't have many
friends it'll be a slow start but if you
spend even a few hundred dollars on ads
or you cross promote your account with
another user to help you get more
followers even if you have to pay that
other user it will all help you kick
start the process don't just focus
purely on follower account either you
want the right type of audience if you
have followers that never buy anything
from you it just won't matter so to sum
it up no one really knows how to make
you insta famous or social media famous
it's a lot of trial and error but just
keep creating good content that people
will love so start running experiments
today if you don't you won't get the
results that you're looking for and if
you need help with your social media
marketing check out my Ad Agency NP
digital if you have any questions leave
a comment below like the video share it
I'm here to help thank you very much